README.md, before:

## 🌌 Fuga: The Effortless Svelte Component Library

![Fuga](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1c05199d-8895-42ad-8edb-f46069982a0d)

Welcome to **Fuga**—a powerful, yet easy-to-use Svelte component library focused on **performance** and **developer experience**! 🚀

With Fuga, styling is a breeze, with the freedom to add CSS directly through props without ever touching CSS files. Everything compiles to native CSS, leveraging **Sass** under the hood for a smooth, efficient experience. Plus, Fuga's fully-typed code provides a seamless integration with TypeScript, empowering developers with IntelliSense for a polished workflow! 🌟

---

## 🧩 Why Fuga?

✨ **Declarative Styling:** Add styles dynamically using props, making your components adaptable to every device and screen.

✨ **Svelte Powered:** Enjoy the blazing fast performance and lightweight structure that Svelte offers, with all Fuga components optimized for speed and minimal impact.

✨ **Full TypeScript Support:** Get the power of types with Fuga’s components, ensuring a productive experience with autocompletion, type checking, and more.

✨ **Sass Internally Compiled:** No need to worry about adding extra CSS files! Just set your props, and Fuga takes care of the rest with Sass-powered compiling.

---

## 🌈 Installation

Get started by installing Fuga via npm:

```bash
npm install sass && npm install fuga
```

## 💡 Usage

Here’s a sneak peek of what your Fuga-powered Svelte code can look like:

```svelte
<script>
	import { Box } from 'fuga';
</script>

<Box
	as="button"
	px="8"
	py="4"
	p="20px"
	bgColor={{ base: 'blue-100', md: 'blue-400', lg: 'blue-500' }}
	_hover={{ color: 'blue-300' }}
>
	Click Me
</Box>
```

With Fuga, styles are passed as props that automatically compile into CSS! This example shows how easy it is to add responsive, interactive styling without touching a CSS file. ✨

## 🔍 What’s Next?

Soon, Fuga will feature a wide range of components such as:

- **Button**
- **Accordion**
- **Alert**
- **Badge**
- and many more! Stay tuned for these additions and make Fuga your go-to library for Svelte components.

---

## 🛠️ Configuration

No setup is required to start using Fuga! For custom setups or additional configurations, simply check out our [documentation](#) (coming soon!) for guidance on advanced usage, including theming, animations, and responsive props. It's still in early phase.

---

## ❤️ Community & Contributions

Contributions are welcome! Help us grow Fuga by reporting issues, submitting pull requests, or just sharing feedback.

---

Bring your Svelte projects to life with **Fuga** – The powerful yet developer-friendly component library.

---

Commit message:

💥 Breaking Change:🛡️ Integrated Zod for runtime type checking and ⚡ added Svelte events.

README.md, after:

## 🌌 Fuga: The Effortless Svelte Component Library

![Fuga](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1c05199d-8895-42ad-8edb-f46069982a0d)

Welcome to **Fuga**—a powerful, yet easy-to-use Svelte component library focused on **performance** and **developer experience**! 🚀

With Fuga, styling is a breeze, with the freedom to add CSS directly through props without ever touching CSS files. Everything compiles to native CSS, leveraging **Sass** under the hood for a smooth, efficient experience. Plus, Fuga's fully-typed code provides a seamless integration with TypeScript, empowering developers with IntelliSense for a polished workflow! 🌟

---

## 🧩 Why Fuga?

✨ **Declarative Styling:** Add styles dynamically using props, making your components adaptable to every device and screen.

✨ **Svelte Powered:** Enjoy the blazing fast performance and lightweight structure that Svelte offers, with all Fuga components optimized for speed and minimal impact.

✨ **Full TypeScript Support:** Get the power of types with Fuga’s components, ensuring a productive experience with autocompletion, type checking, and more.

✨ **Sass Internally Compiled:** No need to worry about adding extra CSS files! Just set your props, and Fuga takes care of the rest with Sass-powered compiling.

✨ **Zod for Runtime Type Checking:** Fuga integrates **Zod** for runtime validation, enhancing type safety by catching errors during development and ensuring consistent, reliable component behavior.

---

## 🌈 Installation

Get started by installing Fuga and its dependencies:

```bash
npm install sass zod && npm install fuga
```

## 💡 Usage

Here’s a sneak peek of what your Fuga-powered Svelte code can look like:

```svelte
<script>
	import { Box } from 'fuga';
</script>

<Box
	as="button"
	px="8"
	py="4"
	p="20px"
	bgColor={{ base: 'blue-100', md: 'blue-400', lg: 'blue-500' }}
	_hover={{ color: 'blue-300' }}
	onclick={() => console.log('clicked!!')}
>
	Click Me
</Box>
```

With Fuga, styles are passed as props that automatically compile into CSS! This example shows how easy it is to add responsive, interactive styling without touching a CSS file. ✨ Zod handles the runtime validation of these props, catching issues right in the browser console to keep your code predictable and error-free.

## 🔍 What’s Next?

Soon, Fuga will feature a wide range of components such as:

- **Button**
- **Accordion**
- **Alert**
- **Badge**
- and many more! Stay tuned for these additions and make Fuga your go-to library for Svelte components.

---

## 🛠️ Configuration

No setup is required to start using Fuga! For custom setups or additional configurations, simply check out our [documentation](#) (coming soon!) for guidance on advanced usage, including theming, animations, and responsive props.

---

## ❤️ Community & Contributions

Contributions are welcome! Help us grow Fuga by reporting issues, submitting pull requests, or just sharing feedback.

---

Bring your Svelte projects to life with **Fuga** – The powerful yet developer-friendly component library.

---
